README.md, before:

# Sweet Treats E-Commerce Site

## Description
Sweet Treats is an online shop where lovers of baked goods can peruse through vairous desserts, shop for desserts or create custom dessert orders with the Sweet Treats bakery for their next big event. New shoppers are able to signup while returning customers can simply login with an email & password to place orders. 

## Table of Contents
[User Story](#user-story)
[Project Criteria](#project-criteria)
[Technology Used](#technology-used)
[Deployed Application](#deployed-application)
[Screenshots](#screenshots)
[Contributions/Questions](#contributionsquestions)

## User Story
As a baker and small business owner, I want a website where customers are able to browse & purchase the desserts that I create, securely, to create trust with my customers so that they return to my shop. I also would like for customers to be able to submit order forms for custom dessert needs for their special occasions and events. 

## Project Criteria
For this project, our group was tasked use everything learned over the last 6 months of UI/UX Bootcamp to demonstrate the skills we've learned. This application must use the following technologies:
* Perfomant JavaScript
* NoSQL Databases
* React single-page applications
* GraphQL APIs
* Concurrent servers in a MERN app
* Authentication

And in addition should fulfill these other requirements:
* Have polished UI
* Be responsive
* Be interactive
* Protect sensitive API information
* Have a clean repository 
* High quality README

## Technology Used
* React
* GraphQL
* Node.js + Express.js
* MongoDB + Mongoose ODM
* Heroku

## Deployed Application
URL:

## Screenshots

## Contributions/Questions
Contributions to this project were made by:
* Chris Bracewell - [Cbracewell30](https://github.com/Cbracewell30)
* Allison Demkovich - [demkoa01](https://github.com/demkoa01)
* Matthew Petriella - [matthewpetriella](https://github.com/matthewpetriella)
* Teresa Sperl - [sper0054](https://github.com/sper0054)

Please feel free to reach out with any questions or update suggestions.

Commit message:

update README to include URL & screenshot

README.md, after:

# Sweet Treats E-Commerce Site

## Description
Sweet Treats is an online shop where lovers of baked goods can peruse through vairous desserts, shop for desserts or create custom dessert orders with the Sweet Treats bakery for their next big event. New shoppers are able to signup while returning customers can simply login with an email & password to place orders. The customer's cart can be viewed and updated easily and when a customer is signed into the site, they are able to securely checkout using Stripe. 

## Table of Contents
[User Story](#user-story)
[Project Criteria](#project-criteria)
[Technology Used](#technology-used)
[Deployed Application](#deployed-application)
[Screenshots](#screenshots)
[Contributions/Questions](#contributionsquestions)

## User Story
As a baker and small business owner, I want a website where customers are able to browse & purchase the desserts that I create, securely, to create trust with my customers so that they return to my shop. I also would like for customers to be able to submit order forms for custom dessert needs for their special occasions and events. 

## Project Criteria
For this project, our group was tasked use everything learned over the last 6 months of UI/UX Bootcamp to demonstrate the skills we've learned. This application must use the following technologies:
* Perfomant JavaScript
* NoSQL Databases
* React single-page applications
* GraphQL APIs
* Concurrent servers in a MERN app
* Authentication

And in addition should fulfill these other requirements:
* Have polished UI
* Be responsive
* Be interactive
* Protect sensitive API information
* Have a clean repository 
* High quality README

## Technology Used
* React
* GraphQL
* Node.js + Express.js
* MongoDB + Mongoose ODM
* Heroku

## Deployed Application
URL: https://thawing-tor-90968.herokuapp.com/

## Screenshots
![Screenshot](client%5Cpublic%5Cimages%5Cscreenshot-SweetTreats.JPG)

## Contributions/Questions
Contributions to this project were made by:
* Chris Bracewell - [Cbracewell30](https://github.com/Cbracewell30)
* Allison Demkovich - [demkoa01](https://github.com/demkoa01)
* Matthew Petriella - [matthewpetriella](https://github.com/matthewpetriella)
* Teresa Sperl - [sper0054](https://github.com/sper0054)

Please feel free to reach out with any questions or update suggestions.
